So...
So, as far as international music so...
Let's take out...
like Japan and then we'll take out Mexico and the United States.
Do you guys listen to like world music or any other types of music what do you listen to?
I want to hear.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
mmh
Yeah, bossa nova?
Oh.
I wonder what that instrument from Brazil is that they use for the capoeira.
It's like a, it almost looks like a gourd and it's like a big, like
Like strings. Yeah.
Yeah, like the woo, woo, woo, woo that kind of sound.
Yeah, yeah. that one exactly.
Yeah.
What's that from?
Ooh.
mmh
That sound, super interesting.
Oh, Okay okay okay I know what you're talking about. Yeah.
Yeah.
mmh
Oh.
That's so fun.
mmh
Yeah.
With with the Sitar? I think it's called a Sitar.
Yeah, and it has that real sultry...
that sound...
Yeah.
I think also too, like I love the...
what is it called how they
the eastern style like the melodic scale?... is
Yeah. I love the way that sounds... at
What about, like, can you heard a Indian music?
mmh
Okay.
Me and my friend when I was driving over here we were talking about
autotunes and we were talking about like the old school youtube videos that had
auto-tunes like um... re...
Remember that guy who was like, hide your wives, hide your kids, hide your husbands.
And they did this whole auto-tune to it.
Like from years ago. Oh my gosh, that's so funny.
So funny they would take like these
um... viral videos from YouTube and they would auto-tune it.
It's so funny. Yeah, yeah.
That's what, when you said that, it reminded me of that.
He's all trying to...